---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Weekly Expectations
1. Read Ch. 2 of Producing Open Source Software[<sup>[1]</sup>](#one-ftnt)<a name="one-src"></a>  
SUMMARIZATION

2. Read pages 48-69 of ProGit (Git basics: tracking, stagin, branching, and merging).[<sup>[2]</sup>](#two-ftnt)<a name="two-src"></a>  
SUMMARIZATION

3. Reflections on Previous Semester's Work  
My team, from last semester, is working to gather the knowledge and [work we did](https://github.com/ckb-next/ckb-next/commit/c7e9fc3e61edaf88ed4f37f3d98e15e59d668187) on CKB-Next for our presentations.[<sup>[3]</sup>](#three-ftnt)<a name="three-src"></a>  

4. Read GitHub's "Contributing to Open Source" through the end of section 4.[<sup>[4]</sup>](#four-ftnt)<a name="four-src"></a>  
SUMMARIZATION

5. Continue ProGit until page eighty.[<sup>[2]</sup>](#two-ftnt)<a name="two-src"></a>  
SUMMARIZATION

6. Answer the following:  
  a. What do you think should be your first contributions to an open source project? Bear in mind the various ways that someone can contribute, and refer back to the webpages that discussed this if you need to.  
  Any contribution should be ok. I don't think you should worry too much about how your contribution reflects you but instead on what your contribution can do for others. Typos aren't insignificant; someone else may be misinterpreting that silly mistake.  

  b. What kind of project would be your ideal project to support? For example, a humanitarian project, a game engine, a part of a big application like Gnome or Firefox? Try to be realistic; given how much time you have during this semester, what is your goal?  
  In all honesty, I'm open to anything with an open and passionate community. I do have a preference for humanitarian efforts (education, homelessness, poverty, support, and the like), game development, and software development tool, and arts (music, film).  
  I know that's a lot of topics so I guess I can put it this way I love creative and fun projects and projects whose only goal is the betterment of an underrepresented or overseen group.

### Where in the world is Daniel Segarra
I haven't looked at too many projects since I've been pretty busy establishing myself in groups for term projects or learning new languages for other courses.  

One cool project I ran across this past week was a python app that turns your computer keyboard into a piano keyboard.[<sup>[5]</sup>](#five-ftnt)<a name="five-src"></a>  

##### Resources
<a name="one-ftnt"></a>[1](#one-src): [Producing Open Source Software](https://producingoss.com/en/producingoss.pdf)  
<a name="two-ftnt"></a>[2](#two-src): [ProGit](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)  
<a name="three-ftnt"></a>[3](#three-src): [CKB-Next](https://github.com/ckb-next/ckb-next)  
<a name="four-ftnt"></a>[4](#four-src): [Contributing to Open Source - GitHub](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)  
<a name="five-ftnt"></a>[5](#five-src): [Pianoputer](https://github.com/Zulko/pianoputer)  