---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### Assignment to be completed by Tuesday, February 19
1. Background Reading:  
  - [Four Types of Open Source Communities](https://opensource.com/business/13/6/four-types-organizational-structures-within-open-source-communities)  
Notes:  
Four types:  
    - single vendor open source projects  
    - development communities  
    - user communities  
    - open source competence centers  

  - [The Beginner's Guide to Contributing to Open Source Projects](https://blog.newrelic.com/engineering/open-source_gettingstarted/)  
Notes:  
Start looking at open source software you use everyday. This will be the easiest to have the motivation to contribute towards.  
SUBMIT A BUG!  
It's the same idea as asking a question in class. Odds are someone else is wondering the same thing. Bugs are not always code though. Any clarifications or logical fixes are a great help to the community. Documenting setup errors or other complications lets the developers know what users may find difficult about the software.  
One of the biggest issues in most projects is documentation. It's either non-existent or not informative enough. If you've worked with open source software, either using or committing, you'll probably remember either the most complicated software to set up or use or you'll remember that one really easy to start piece of software.  
Whenever you have an issue with specific code or software you'll most likely search the web for an answer. Someone has to ask these questions, someone has to answer them. Someone should log that these things have happened. Someone else later one will be looking for it too, trust.
  - [7 Things That Make a Great Open Source Contribution](https://blog.newrelic.com/2014/11/05/open-source-contribution/)  
Notes:  
word  

2. Start reading the blogs of other people in the class. They are public and anyone can read them. Be sure to read the webpage versions of them.  
You can go to the organization's [wiki](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/wiki) to see the full list of webpage URLs.  
If you find any problems or improvements to suggest, such as configuration, formatting, factual errors, and so on, report these as issues in the person's blog repository and add the list of reported issues to the list of contributions on your own blog (make the link to the issue you reported).  

3. For your blog for the week ending Thursday February 21, comment on your experience with the project evaluation assignment.  
For example, was it useful? Was it very time-consuming?  
How would you assess the activity level of a project? Can you propose other ways of doing this?  
Try to back up your ideas with some reasons.  
TIME CONSUMING